---
title: Privacy & Policy - UIHut
meta_title: ''
description: Check out UIHut's Privacy & Policy
draft: false
---
# Privacy & Policy

Welcome to UIHut (“Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”)! As you have just clicked our Privacy Policy, please pause, grab a cup of coffee and carefully read the following pages. It will take you approximately 20 minutes.

Our Privacy Policy governs your use of our Service and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our web pages.

Your agreement with us includes these Terms and our Privacy Policy (“Agreements”). You acknowledge that you have read and understood Agreements, and agree to be bound of them.

If you do not agree with (or cannot comply with) Agreements, then you may not use the Service, but please let us know by emailing at [mehedi@uihut.com](mailto\:mehedi@uihut.com) so we can try to find a solution. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use Service.

Thank you for being responsible.

### Definitions

**Service**

Service means the uihut.com, uihut.net website operated by UIHut.

**Personal data**

Personal data means the uihut.com, uihut.net website operated by UIHut.

**Usage date**

Usage date is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

**Cookies**

Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

**Data Controller**

Means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

**Data processor (or service provider)**

Means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

**Data Subject**

SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data

**The user**

is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

**Information Collection and Use**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

**Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

* Email address
* First name and last name
* Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
* Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link.

**Usage Data**

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

**Tracking Cookies Data**

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

* Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
* Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
* Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
* Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.

**Use of Data**

UIHut uses the collected data for various purposes:

* to provide and maintain our Service;
* to notify you about changes to our Service;
* to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
* to provide customer support;
* to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
* to monitor the usage of our Service;
* to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
* to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
* to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
* to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
* to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
* in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
* for any other purpose with your consent.

**Retention of Data**

We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods

**Transfer of Data**

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

UIHut will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

**Disclosure of Data**

We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:

* Business Transaction.

If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.

* Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
* to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
* to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business
* to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
* for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;

**Security of Data**

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR. – See more at [https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj)

We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at [mehedi@uihut.com](mailto\:mehedi@uihut.com).

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

* the right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
* the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
* the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
* the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information
* the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
* the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

**To delete your personal information**

If you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain functions that require your personal information to operate.

**To stop selling your personal information**

We don't sell or rent your personal information to any third parties for any purpose. You are the only owner of your Personal Data and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.

Please note, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require the usage of your personal information to function. But in no circumstances, we will discriminate against you for exercising your rights.

To exercise your California data protection rights described above, please send your request(s) by one of the following means:

By email: [mehedi@uihut.com](mailto\:mehedi@uihut.com)

Your data protection rights, described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer Privacy Act. To find out more, visit the official California Legislative Information website. The CCPA took effect on 01/01/2020.

**Analytics**

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

**Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)

We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: [https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245)

**CI/CD tools**

We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.

**GitHub**

GitHub is provided by GitHub, Inc.

GitHub is a development platform to host and review code, manage projects, and build software.

For more information on what data GitHub collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit GitHub Privacy Policy page: [https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-general-privacy-statement](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-general-privacy-statement)

**Behavioral Remarketing**

UIHut uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

**Google Ads (AdWords)**

Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: [http://www.google.com/settings/ads](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)

**Facebook**

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: [https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950](https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950)

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217](https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217)

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA [https://optout.aboutads.info/](https://optout.aboutads.info/) , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada [http://youradchoices.ca/](http://youradchoices.ca/) or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe [https://youronlinechoices.eu/](https://youronlinechoices.eu/) , or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: [https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation)

**Payments**

Our order process is conducted by our online reseller Paddle.com. Paddle.com is the Merchant of Record for all our orders. Paddle provides all customer service inquiries and handles returns

**Paddle:**

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at

[https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy](https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy)

**Links to Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services

**Children's Privacy**

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: [mehedi@uihut.com](mailto\:mehedi@uihut.com)

*Effective date: 02/11/2021*
